let's see this was a video that Manu uploaded And
shortly after he deleted it and it's like wow let's see you
insignificant bunch of idiots how are you
asking me to justify that I'm up to
date with my payments to the Treasury that I'm
going to do and however to
individuals who are in a property that
owe more than 10,000 you don't feel like asking me to
justify that they are up to date with the
Treasury oh oh oh wow I'm
laughing my head as I am a
fair loving person son of God I wanted that
lady and that woman and that family to have
returned the property to me in an
orderly manner complying with the rules
man of honor man of common sense I
always had the image of him like a
very Andalusian gentleman very stiff very
affectionate that was the image I had of
him like a very gentleman very such And the thing is that
lately I've been seeing him this week
that I say but this man what has
happened to him I say del Chispazo has been
left like this weird